write a python program to read the integer value as input from user and check whether it is a two digit number or not a two digit number .
whether 3 digit num or not

write a python program to read amount as input from the user and print the no.of notes required in the Indian currency dimension?
sample test case:
enter the amount:3864/-

2000---------->1
500----------->3
200----------->1
100----------->1
50------------>1
20------------>0
10------------>1
5------------->0
write a python program to read an integer value as an input from the user and give the multiplication table of it.

write a python program to print multiplication tables from 1 to n.
write a python program to print the reversed multiplication table of n.
write a python program to print reverse multiplication tables of 1 to n.
write a python program to print the reversed multiplication tables form n to 1

write a python program
a)to print natural numbers from n to 1
b)print natural numbers from 1 to n 
c)print squares from 1 to n
d)print squares from n to 1
e)print cubes from 1 to n
f)print cubes from n to 1

write a python program to read integer as user input find the number of digits in the particular number. 

write a python program to find the summation of digits in a number.

write a python program to read an integer value as userinput and print the number of even digits and odd digits present in particular number

write a python program to read an integer value as input from the user and find summation of even digits  and odd digits present in that particular number.

write a python program to read an integer value as input from the user and find number of zeros present in the user entered number.
list:
write a python program to read a sentence as input from user and print the list of words from the scentence.

write a pyrhon program to read a string as input from user:
reverse the string
convert string into lower case
convert string into upper case 
conert the charecters of sting to lower case if it is in upper case 
covert to upper case if it is in lower casse
check if the string is starting with the letter "a" 
print the count of the charecter "a" from the given string and replace all "p" to "j" 

write a python program to read the list of charectors as input from the user and convert into the word and print it in sting format
w.a.p.p to read mail id as an iput from the user and print user name and organisation name based on mail id name@org.com

w.a.p.p to read a string as input from the user and print no.of:
count of upper case letters
count of lower case letters
print the count of numeric values 
print the count of special charectors

w.a.p.p to take name as input from the user (Mr or MS) print the gender classification of the name

to read a string as input from the user 
print the count of upper case ovels 
loewr case ouve;s 
print the count of upper case consonants 
print the count of lower case consonants

w.a.p.p to print upper case alphabets from a to z including their asci values

w.a.p.p to read a charecter as input from user and print asci value of the charecter

w.a.p.p to read a string as input from the user and replaca all ovwels with zeros

write a python program to real name.phnno.mail amd pw make shure that contact ha 10 digits and mail should have
;l have structure following(name,@,organisation name,.com) and pw(should have atleast 3 upper case alphabets,
3 lower case alphabets,3 special charecters and 1 numberand pw length should not be less tha 10)